
STEP Python Interface
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
REDISTRIBUTION NOT PERMITTED

STEP Tools, Inc. ("STI") grants you ("Customer") a non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to use the STEP Python Interface ("Software")
under the provisions of this agreement. All rights not specifically
granted in this agreement are reserved by STI.

1. DESIGNATED COMPUTER SYSTEM - Customer's employees and agents shall
install and use the Software only on a computer system owned by
Customer. Copies of the Software may be made for archive and backup
purposes only. All titles, trademarks and copyrights shall be
reproduced in such copies.

2. NO THIRD PARTY USE - Customer shall limit access to the Software to
its employees and agents, and shall take appropriate action by
instruction, agreement or otherwise to ensure its employees and agents
shall hold the Software in confidence, not reproduce, provide, or
otherwise make available the Software to other persons or entities.

3. CUSTOMER RESPONSIBILITY - Customer takes full responsibility for
checking any machine tool control codes produced by the
software. Customer shall remain solely responsible for, and will hold
STI harmless from, all claims, liability and damages arising from any
use of said codes.

4. NO REDISTRIBUTION - Customer shall not redistribute the Software.

5. NO REVERSE ENGINEERING - Customer may not reverse engineer,
decompile, or disassemble the Software, nor attempt in any other
manner to obtain the source code.

6. TITLE - Title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights
in the Software shall remain in STI and/or its suppliers. The Software
is protected by copyright laws and treaties. This agreement does not
confer any right or license under any patent or trademark.

7. TERMINATION - STI may terminate this license if Customer fails to
comply with the limitations described herein.  On termination, you
must destroy all copies of the Software and Documentation.

8. GENERAL PROVISIONS - This license shall be governed by and
construed under the laws of the State of New York and any action
hereunder shall be brought only in New York.  Use, duplication or
disclosure by the U.S. Government of the software and documentation
shall be subject to the restricted rights under FAR 52.227-19
applicable to commercial computer software.  Software shall not be
exported outside of the United States of America without written
permission from STI.  If any provision of this agreement is found
void, invalid or unenforceable, it will not affect the validity or
enforceability of the balance of this agreement.

9. NO WARRANTY - SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND
WITHOUT ANY WRITTEN OR IMPLIED WARRANTY.  IN NO EVENT SHALL STI BE
LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA, OR USE INCURRED BY CUSTOMER
OR ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN ACTION, CONTRACT, OR TORT EVEN IF STI
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
